DJ Tim Johnson, I want everybody to stop what they're doin' (Mr. 305)
Now if you know you're with somebody
You're gonna take the hotel room tonight, Make some noise (woo)
Meet me at the hotel room, Meet me at the hotel room
Meet me at the hotel room, Meet me at the hotel room
Forget about your boyfriend And meet me at the hotel room
You can bring your girlfriends And meet me at the hotel room
Forget about your boyfriend And meet me at the hotel room
You can bring your girlfriends And meet me at the hotel room.
We at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn, We at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn.
We at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn, We at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn.
She like that freaky stuff, Two in the "O" and one in the eye
That kinky stuff, you nasty, But I like your type
And like T.I., it's whatever you like, Bring your girls, just whatever the night
Your man just left, I'm the plumber tonight,
I'll check yo' pipes, oh you the healthy type, Well, here goes some egg whites.
Now gimme that sweet, That nasty, that Gucci stuff
Let me tell you what we gon' do, Two plus two, I'm gon' undress you.
Then we're gonna go three and three, You gon' undress me.
Then we're gonna go four and four, We gon' freak some more, but first
Forget about your boyfriend And meet me at the hotel room
You can bring your girlfriends And meet me at the hotel room
Forget about your boyfriend And meet me at the hotel room
You can bring your girlfriends And meet me at the hotel room
We at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn, We at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn.
We at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn, We at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn.
After party in hotel lobby, Then we off to the room like vroom
Put them fingers in yo' mouth, or open up yo' blouse, And pull that g-string down south
Ooh, okay shawty, one's company, Two's a crowd and three's a party
Your girl ain't with it, I got somebody, In my nature, she's naughty.
Now gimme that sweet, That nasty, that Gucci stuff
Let me tell you what we gon' do, Two plus two, I'm gon' undress you.
Then we're gonna go three and three, You gon' undress me.
Then we're gonna go four and four, We gon' freak some more, but first
Forget about your boyfriend And meet me at the hotel room
You can bring your girlfriends And meet me at the hotel room
Forget about your boyfriend And meet me at the hotel room
You can bring your girlfriends And meet me at the hotel room
We at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn, We at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn.
We at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn, We at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn.
Mujeres!... ey-oh-ey-oh-ey... Yenny... oye, que bola?
Mujeres!... ey-oh-ey-oh-ey... Yaminel... oye, que bola?
Mujeres!... ey-oh-ey-oh-ey... Roslyn... oye, que bola?
Mujeres!... ey-oh-ey-oh-ey... Zuleyma... oye, que bola?
Mujeres!... ey-oh-ey-oh-ey... Cristina... oye, que bola?
Mujeres!... ey-oh-ey-oh-ey... Catolina... oye, que bola?
Mujeres!... ey-oh-ey-oh-ey... Sophia... oye, que bola?
Mujeres!... ay-oh-ay-oh-ay... Estefany... oye, que bola? Dale
I don't play football but I've touched down everywhere
(everywhere) everywhere
I don't play baseball but I've hit a home run everywhere, everywhere
I've been to countries and cities I can't pronounce
And the places on the globe I didn't know existed
In Romania she pulled me to the centre
she said Pit you can have me and my sister
In Lebanon yeah the women are bomb
And in Greece you've guessed it the women are sweet
Spinned all around the world but I ain't gon' lie
there's nothing like Miami's heat
Welcome to Miami where them boys used to touch tourists on a daily basis
Duck charges therefore hardly caught cases
This is a city full of culture and different races
Where all the mami's come fully equipped at young ages
With the hurricanes cause even the biggest hurricane couldn't phase us
We got a dome for the Heat that put y'all to sleep
and we carry hits from night till morning
Like Marino strong armin' the game
but I'm not retiring till I got a championship ring
poppin champagne simple and plain
check the map and look where we at
the bottom, simple as that
I'm bringing it back to the fore-front
like Luke in the 2 Live Crew days
he's the one that's got these mami's going two waysGod bless Uncle Al but knowin him MIA was probably engraved
on the tombstone that stands over his grave to this day!
HEY
So if your visitin our city and your sittin pretty on duce tres
or duce fours watch where you park your whip
cause they will leave it sittin' on bricks awfully quick
GET-GET-GET-GET-GET FREAKY
Mr. Worldwide
Hey baby, givin' it your all when you're dancin' on me
I wanna see if you give me some more
Hey baby, you can be my girl, I can be your man
And we can pump this jam however you want
Hey baby, pump it from the side, bend it upside down
Or we can pump it from the back to the front
I'm loose (I'm loose)
And everybody knows I get off the chain
Babe, it's the truth (It's the truth)
I'm like Inception, I play with your brain
So I don't sleep or snooze (Snooze)
I don't play no games so d-d-don't-don't-don't get it confused, no
'Cause you will lose, yeah
Now, now pu-pu-pu-pu-pump it up
And back it up, like a Tonka truck, dale!
Gon' set the roof on fire
Mami on fire, pshh, red hot
Bada bing, bada boom
Mr. Worldwide as I step in the room
I'm a hustler, baby, but that you knew
And tonight it's just me and you, Dalé