On top of spaghetti all covered with cheese
I lost my poor meatball when somebody sneezed
It rolled off the table, it rolled on the floor
And then my poor meatball rolled out of the door
It rolled in the garden and under a bush
And then my poor meatball was nothing but mush
The mush was as tasty as tasty could be
And early next summer it grew to a tree
The tree was all covered with beautiful moss
It grew great big meatballs and tomato sauce
So if you eat spaghetti all covered with cheese
Hold on to your meatball and don’t ever sneeze
There was a little turtle his name was tiny Tim
I put him in the bathtub to see if he could swim
He drank up all the water, he ate up all the soap
Now he’s in the bathtub with a bubble in his throat
Bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble POP!
If all the raindrops were lemon drops and gumdrops
So what a rain that would be
Standing outside with my mouth open wide
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Oh, what a rain that would be
If all the snowflakes were candy bars and milkshakes
Oh, what a snow that would be
If all the sunbeams were bubblegum and ice cream
Oh, what a sun that would be!
Standing outside, with my mouth open wide
I’m bringing home my baby bumble bee
Won’t my Mommy be so proud of me I’m bringing home my baby bumble bee – OUCH!! It stung me!!
I’m squishin’ up my baby bumble bee
Won’t my Mommy be so proud of me I’m squishin’ up my baby bumble bee – EW!! What a mess!!
I’m lickin’ up my baby bumble bee
Won’t my Mommy be so proud of me I’m lickin’ up my baby bumble bee – ICK!! I feel sick!!
I’m throwin’ up my baby bumble bee
Won’t my Mommy be so proud of me I’m throwin’ up my baby bumble bee – OH!! What a mess!!
I’m wipin’ up my baby bumble bee
Won’t my Mommy be so proud of me I’m wipin’ up my baby bumble bee – OOPS!! Mommy’s new towel!!
I’m wringin’ out my baby bumble bee
Won’t my Mommy be so proud of me I’m wringing out my baby bumble bee – Bye-Bye baby bumble bee!!
Where is Thumbkin? Here I am! Here I am!
How are you today, sir? Very well, I thank you
Run away Run away Run away Run away
Where is Pointer? Here I am! Here I am!
Where is Middleman? Here I am! Here I am
Where is Ringman? Here I am! Here I am!
Where is Pinkie? Here I am! Here I am!
Underwear, underwear, send a pair, send a pair, I can wear
For I left mine lying, on a line a drying
And now I need them they’re not there
Underwear, underwear, get a pair, get a pair, anywhere
The bugle’s blowing, I must be going
For I’ve got to get there if I have to go there bare
The cows in the barn go moo moo moo
moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo moo
All day long the ducks in the pond go quack quack quack
quack quack quack quack quack quack
All day long the pigs in the pen go oink oink oink
oink oink oink oink oink oink oink oink oink oink
The pigs in the barn go oink oink oink
The sheep in the field go baa baa baa
baa baa baa baa baa baa
One, two, three, four, five
Once I caught a fish alive
Six, seven, eight, nine, ten
Then I let it go again
Why did you let it go?
Because it bit my finger so
Which finger did it bite?
The little finger on my right!
Open them, shut them (open and shut fists)
Give a little clap
Lay them in your lap
Creep them, creep them,
Creep them, creep them
Right up to your chin (walk hands up body to chin)
Open wide your little mouth but do not put them in
Roll them, roll them, roll them, roll them just like this
Shake them, shake them
Blow a little kiss!
One, two, buckle my shoe
Three, four, shut the door
Five, six, pick up sticks
Seven, eight, lay them straight
Nine, ten, begin again
Now everybody sing with me
Okay everybody, one more time
Nine, ten, that’s the end
That’s the end I did it
I have ten little fingers
and they all belong to me I can make them do things
Do you want to see?
I can close them up tight
I can open them wide
I can put them together
I can make them hide
I can make them fly high
I can make them go low
I can fold them like this and hold them just so
Hickory dickory dock
The mouse went up the clock
The clock struck one
The mouse went down
Tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock
Teddy Bear Teddy Bear touch the ground
If you’re an elephant and you know it stomp your feet
If you’re a monkey and you know it jump up and down
If you’re a crocodile and you know it snap your jaws
If you’re a lion and you know it give a roar
Barney is a dinosaur from our imagination
And when he's tall he's what we call a dinosaur sensation
Barney's friends are big and small
They come from lots of places
After school they meet to play
And sing with happy faces
Barney shows us lots of things
Like how to play pretend
ABC's, and 123's
And how to be a friend
Barney comes to play with us
Whenever we may need him
Barney can be your friend too
If you just make-believe him